Added part `Docker` to docs (#12403)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/docker/install.md

> # Installing Docker to work with {{ ydb-short-name }}

Reviewer: Rename this file to `prerequisites.md` because it currently sounds like this is about installing YDB and not Docker.

> # Installing Docker to work with {{ ydb-short-name }}
> 
> Before using the Docker image {{ ydb-short-name }}, you need to install and configure the Docker environment. To do this, you can use the official documentation:
> 
> - [Linux](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/linux-install/)
> - [macOS](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/mac-install/)
> - [Windows](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/windows-install/)
> 
> Alternative installation methods like [colima](https://github.com/abiosoft/colima) are also acceptable.
> 
> The installation of {{ ydb-short-name }} itself occurs at the [first launch](start.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Prerequisites for working with {{ ydb-short-name }} in Docker

Before using the {{ ydb-short-name }} in Docker, install and configure the Docker environment. Refer to the official documentation for your operating system:

- [Linux](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/linux-install/)
- [macOS](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/mac-install/)
- [Windows](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/windows-install/)

Alternative installation methods, such as [colima](https://github.com/abiosoft/colima), are also supported.

The installation of {{ ydb-short-name }} by downloading the container image happens during the [first launch](start.md).
```

> The installation of {{ ydb-short-name }} itself occurs at the [first launch](start.md).

Reviewer: This article needs the same story about Rosetta on Apple Silicon as the quickstart currently has. Let's move the existing text to an `_include` file and `{% include ... %}` it in both places.
